You're ass fucked! You are destined for Avernus, the 1st layer of the Nine Hells, ruled by devilkind bent on eternal mental torture. I hope that Second Annointing was worth it!
You're ass fucked! You are destined for Dis, the 2nd layer of the Nine Hells, ruled by devilkind bent on eternal mental torture. I hope that Second Annointing was worth it!
You're ass fucked! You are destined for Minauros, the 3rd layer of the Nine Hells, ruled by devilkind bent on eternal mental torture. I hope that Second Annointing was worth it!
You're ass fucked! You are destined for Phlegethos, the 4th layer of the Nine Hells, ruled by devilkind bent on eternal mental torture. I hope that Second Annointing was worth it!
You're ass fucked! You are destined for Stygia, the 5th layer of the Nine Hells, ruled by devilkind bent on eternal mental torture. I hope that Second Annointing was worth it!
You're ass fucked! You are destined for Malbolge, the 6th layer of the Nine Hells, ruled by devilkind bent on eternal mental torture. I hope that Second Annointing was worth it!
You're ass fucked! You are destined for Maladomini, the 7th layer of the Nine Hells, ruled by devilkind bent on eternal mental torture. I hope that Second Annointing was worth it!
You're ass fucked! You are destined for Caina, the 8th layer of the Nine Hells, ruled by devilkind bent on eternal mental torture. I hope that Second Annointing was worth it!
You're ass fucked! You are destined for Nessus, the 9th and final layer of the Nine Hells, ruled by devilkind bent on eternal mental torture. I hope that Second Annointing was worth it!
Fuck you! You are destined to eternally roam Avalas alone, it is the 1st of the iron-shod battle planes of Acheron. Its other name is the "Celestial Kingdom".
Fuck you! You are destined to eternally roam Thuldanin alone, it is the 2nd of the iron-shod battle planes of Acheron. Its other name is the "Celestial Kingdom".
Fuck you! You are destined to eternally roam Tintibulus alone, it is the 3rd of the iron-shod battle planes of Acheron. Its other name is the "Celestial Kingdom".
Fuck you! You are destined to eternally roam Ocanthus alone, it is the 4th and final iron-shod battle plane of Acheron. Its other name is the "Celestial Kingdom".
Fucking Hell, literally! You will burn in Khalas, the 1st of the fourfold furnaces of Gehenna, eternally smoking and burning. A lot of good your tokens and signs will do there.
Fucking Hell, literally! You will burn in Chamada, the 2nd of the fourfold furnaces of Gehenna, eternally smoking and burning. A lot of good your tokens and signs will do there.
Fucking Hell, literally! You will burn in Mungoth, the 3rd of the fourfold furnaces of Gehenna, eternally smoking and burning. A lot of good your tokens and signs will do there.
Fucking Hell, literally! You will burn in Krangath, the 4th and final furnace of Gehenna, eternally smoking and burning. A lot of good your tokens and signs will do there.
Once you go black, you never go back! You will be banished to Oinos, the 1st of the glooms of Hades, a realm without hope or peace. Some would call this "Outer Darkness".
Once you go black, you never go back! You will be banished to Niflheim, the 2nd of the glooms of Hades, a realm without hope or peace. Some would call this "Outer Darkness".
Once you go black, you never go back! You will be banished to Pluton, the 3rd and final gloom of Hades, a realm without hope or peace. Some would call this "Outer Darkness".
What the fuck? You are destined to wander Othrys, the 1st orb of Tarterus, the eternally contested ground between the forces of Hades and the Abyss. Sounds like Spirit Prison to me!
What the fuck? You are destined to wander Cathrys, the 2nd orb of Tarterus, the eternally contested ground between the forces of Hades and the Abyss. Sounds like Spirit Prison to me!
What the fuck? You are destined to wander Minethrys, the 3rd orb of Tarterus, the eternally contested ground between the forces of Hades and the Abyss. Sounds like Spirit Prison to me!
What the fuck? You are destined to wander Colothrys, the 4th orb of Tarterus, the eternally contested ground between the forces of Hades and the Abyss. Sounds like Spirit Prison to me!
What the fuck? You are destined to wander Porphatys, the 5th orb of Tarterus, the eternally contested ground between the forces of Hades and the Abyss. Sounds like Spirit Prison to me!
What the fuck? You are destined to wander Agathys, the 6th orb of Tarterus, the eternally contested ground between the forces of Hades and the Abyss. Sounds like Spirit Prison to me!
You're fucked! You are worthy of torture in Pandesmos, the 1st layer of the underground realm of Pandemonium. I'm not convinced that your Priesthood Keys will be of any help there.
You're fucked! You are worthy of torture in Cocytus, the layer of lamentation and 2nd layer in the underground realm of Pandemonium. I'm not convinced that your Priesthood Keys will be of any help there.
You're fucked! You are worthy of torture in Phlegethon, the layer of darkness and 3rd layer in the underground realm of Pandemonium. I'm not convinced that your Priesthood Keys will be of any help there.
You're fucked! You are worthy of torture in Agathion, the 4th and deepest of the layers in the underground realm of Pandemonium. I'm not convinced that your Priesthood Keys will be of any help there.
You fucked it up! You are destined to live for eternity in Pazunia, the 1st of the 666 levels of the Abyss, I hope you have your temple recommend handy!
You fucked it up! You are destined to live for eternity in the unnamed Desert layers of the 666 levels of the Abyss, I hope you have your temple recommend handy!
You fucked it up! You are destined to live for eternity in the unnamed Glacier layers of the 666 levels of the Abyss, I hope you have your temple recommend handy!
You fucked it up! You are destined to live for eternity in the unnamed Spatial layers of the 666 levels of the Abyss, I hope you have your temple recommend handy!
You fucked it up! You are destined to live for eternity in the unnamed Maelstrom layers of the 666 levels of the Abyss, I hope you have your temple recommend handy!
You fucked it up! You are destined to live for eternity in the unnamed Rocky and Lava layers of the 666 levels of the Abyss, I hope you have your temple recommend handy!
You fucked it up! You are destined to live for eternity in the unnamed Underground layers of the 666 levels of the Abyss, I hope you have your temple recommend handy!
You fucked it up! You are destined to live for eternity in the unnamed Water layers of the 666 levels of the Abyss, I hope you have your temple recommend handy!
You fucked it up! You are destined to live for eternity in the Layer of Delusion, the 664th of the 666 levels of the Abyss, I hope you have your temple recommend handy!
You fucked it up! You are destined to live for eternity in the Court of the Demogorgon, the 665th of the 666 levels of the Abyss, I hope you have your temple recommend handy!
You fucked it up! You are destined to live for eternity in the Layer of Evil Incarnate, the 666th level of the Abyss, I hope you have your temple recommend handy!
