Save a horse, ride a tapir.
You deserve a second day every weekend, and a 10% raise.
Have a sip of coffee, it's delicious to the taste and very desirable.
Thou shalt not commit adultery. But thou mayest do it if you call it Celestial Marriage.
Though your sins be as scarlet, they shall be as white as blue-eyed scandinavian Jesus.
Give me 10% of all your income, or you'll never see your family again fo all of eternity.
Translated, made-up, what's the difference?
Childhood is idolizing Alma. Adulthood is knowing that Korihor makes more sense.
All grain is good for the food of man... and barley for all useful animals, and for mild drinks, as also other grain.. D&C 89:16-17
all you need in your life is DEFCON, except when it's cancelled...
May your income be as inexplicably exempt as the Church of Scientology's
no, it's not a cult...
The whole Bible applies today. Except the parts that don't.
We will go down
Bow your head and say "Yes"
Money is evil... give it to us..
Scared of demonic possession? Become an atheist.. 100% demon free.
Well, this is awkward..
Think telestial!
Think celestial! CES Letter!
Did I see porn shoulders?
Nothing taught by force stays in the end..
Only YOU can prevent forest liars..
The Book of He Who Must Not Be Named.. Another Testament of Jesus Christ
Give children logical explanation, not magical ones..
They muddy the water, to make it seem deep..
Today's horoscope: The stars and planet will not affect your life in any way...
Is there no help for the widows son??
remember, don't ask any awkward questions..
I'm very sorry for everything that happened back in the old testament..I had anger management issues.. -god
When logic is your enemy, you may want to reconsider your beliefs..
wait, what???
The Mad Hatter Auto Revelator is approved literature..
Satan is coming on June 6, 2026
Lies persist, the truth doesn't..
Long hast thou dwelt in Darkness, Quit the Night and Seek the Day.. 
What if Satan is the good guy? 
Religion is about controlling your mind, the opposite of spirituality. 
Did you get your second annointing?? 
Why doesn't the mormon church publish their budget? 
Are you sure you know who you're talking to? 
We are upgrading your afterlife service bundle (all churches)
Everything that I have is because of god, including PTSD, anxiety, depression... 
You're a full tithe payer?? Big deal, where's my offerings? 
Don't drink hot liquids of any kinds, that's the devil's temperature.. 
If you're going to have a cult at least make it fun.. 
Faith: believe what we say and don't question anything.. 
If a spirit is a messanger of god, offer to shake it's hand. If you feel it's hand, then it is truly a messanger of god. -The Mormons
If a spirt is just man/woman, offer to shake it's hand. It will not shake your hand because it is not allowed. -The Mormons
If a spirit is of the devil, you will know because it will attempt to shake your hand but you won't feel anything. -The Mormons
Now that you know longer have to be perfect... you can just be kind.. 
LIfe is empty and meaningless... except for your promises.. 
The final secret of the illuminati is that you don't know you're a member until it's too late. 
Religion is an alternate reality that was created for you, create your own reality.. 
Be your own guru, it's the only safe place to be.. 
The Cardone cult is the new Amway cult. 
You don't need a "middle man" to become better... 
Giving up your agency to grand manipulators NEVER works.. 
Don't listen to "gurus" who claim to have the answer for your success.. YOU have the answer for your success.. 
It doesn't need "religious teachings" to be a cult.. instead of eternal life, the promise could be success.. 
Paying dollars to be broken down and manipulated = Landmark Forum
Cardone is the modern L Ron Hubbard of the real estate coaching industry.. 
Self help hustle culture is a cult.. 
Cults: no matter what you buy or do, there is always another level.. there is never an end to it.. 
Cults: Take full credit for all of your successes.. blame you for all of your failures.. 


