He ain't coming, so be a good person.
I spent 10% of my income, and all I got was this SAO.
I'm emancipated from sky daddy.
I signed a billion year contract and all I got was a shitty meter.
My first vision was of an intergalactic alien ruler.
My false prophet flies a C130.
I wouldn't say I've ever been a magician, but once I pulled an entire religion out of my hat.
Don't forget my 10% - you owe me.
I paid 10% and all I got were lousy handshakes.
My seer stone tells me to spend 10% of my income on SAOs.
Entropy is my trickster god.
I drink and I know things... now.
My official church artwork lied to me.
How's that translation of ancient rcords of non-existent people going?
lazylearneractivities.com
If I was a "lazy learner", then I would still be active...
cesletter.org
Leah Remini is my hero.
When I said tithing would open the windows of heaven, I didn't mean a mall with a retractable roof!
An angel made me do it.
Welcome home, I'm so glad you didn't drink coffee.
I'm sorry for what I said when I was Mormon.
All wives matter.
Jesus once of humble birth, now with Billion$ comes to Earth.
Yo mama so Mormon, you have to specify which one.
I don't know why Mormon worked so hard on those plates, all you need is a rock in a hat.
I stand all amazed at the mall Jesus built for me.
200 years ago, a farm boy didn't like farm work, and now I have religous trauma.
My only regret is that I have but one membership to resign.
Go ye into all the world and register LLC's under inconspicuous names.
So it turns out I was wrong and the priesthood ban was bad. But magic underwear, star children, the caffeine and alcohol ban, and Jesus visiting America are all still totally legit.
Which one is my husband? They are all my husbands...
NFR in ancient hebrew means "imaginary"
mormonstories.org
I Nephi, having been born of bigly parents...
Scientology: making mormons look sane since 1952
Did you hear that the church of Scientology was valued at a billion dollars? Those are rookie numbers..
What does god need with a starship?
no, I will fix my own e-meter...
I want YOU to do what thou wilt...
did you know there are inhabitants on the moon that dress like Quakers?
Jehovah's Witnesses don't celebrate Halloween. I guess they don't appreciate random people coming up to their door.
Most of our kids leave our religion. We have more success recruiting people who aren't familiar with it.
The Elders have been patient enough. Now turn in your Field Service Time.
Has there been a recent tragedy in your life? I can capitalize off of it to trick you into joining our cult.
Nice try Jehova Witnesses, but dressing up as cops with a "warrant" won't make me open my door.
For the longest time, I thought a Jehovah Witness was just a form of the Witness Protection Program.
Now I know why we don't celebrate Thanksgiving! Because our day to be thankful is when we turn 18 and are free of this cult!
Can someone tell me just what the hell did Jehovah witness?
Armageddon is right around the corner in 1881, no 1914, no 1975, every war, natural disaster, now Ukraine... Using fear since 1879 to control people.
Jesus could not be a Jehovah's Witness. His long hair & beard are unbecoming of a Christian man!
I only date Jehovah's Witnesses and people with Alzheimer's, because they don't get all pissed off when you forget a birthday or two.
Research should confirm your faith, not destroy it!
You don't get rich writing science fiction. If you want to get rich, you start a religion. -LRH
The only way you can control people is to lie to them. -LHR
"Free" stress test
People ask, "Why is the church so successful?" I tell them it's because all others are non-prophet organizations..
Heavenly father: Loving everyone since 1978
First rule about mormon history.. You don't talk about mormon history.
Scientology: Because mormons needed something to make fun of..
More than half of our neighbors believe that the entire comsos was created six thousand years ago. This is, incidentally, about a thousand years after the Sumerians invented glue.
I'm sorry I offended you by using facts and logic.
It's sunday, where them dollars at??
Come to the dark side.. we have beer..
Aliens be like- they're fighting over which religion is the most peaceful..
Space Jesus visiteth Joseph to tell him how starting a death cult could get him multiple chicks and billion$
So there I was, the only white dude in Jerusalem..
I think I'll turn this wine back into water.. for the mormons..
If god made man in his own image, why aren't we all like.. invisible?
Excuse me, do you have time to discuss your lord and savior cthulhu?
The real reason we don't talk about heavenly mother.. there is more than one..
It's called reformed egyptian.. it's a pretty obscure language.. you've probably never heard of it..
Just about every main character in the bible is a murderer it's like acquiring moral standards from Ted Bundy and the Boston strangler..
Bible kill count-> Satan: 10, God: 2,476,633
Of the 230,400,000,000,000,000 fossils we have found, not a single one disproves evolution.
Man's greatest trick was convincing you that you can't question an all knowing god about a book a man wrote..
"ask your ancestors, seek their wisdom, let them guide you"... my ancestors: bog dwellers and heavy drinkers..
No, my church wasn't a cult.. We just followed rules for how we dressed and who we associated with and what we watched and listened to, and believed everyone who left our specific congregation was going to hell.. but it definitely wasn't a cult..
Porter Rockwell was reincarnated into Chuck Norris...
Congratulations, you've reached OT VIII.. nevermind that it only cost $500,000
You can join this cult (oops church), it's just going to require a legal contract..
The purpose is to serve people, not to make money..
It's not my place to question how The Lord spends his money..
Your body is full of dead alien souls..
No, it was not normal to marry 14 year olds in 1845.. 
No, it was not normal to marry other men's wives in 1845 (after sending them away on a mission)
Sex addiction is not a real diagnosis. It's a diagnosis made up by unethical church therapists. 
If you want temple ceremonies; join the freemasons and get the real deal.. 
Tithing was originally voluntary, if you had surplus property and were not poor. 
Gnosticism taught that the biblical god was a malevolent entity.. 
Why do religious founders always have a criminal record? 
Does your cult provide full disclosure? 
CTR: Celebrate the Rainbow
If money is the root of all evil, why do they ask for it at church? 
I prayed to know whether I picked the right religion and god confirmed it in my heart (every religion ever)
Religious truth is always confirmed by what you feel.. -The Mormons
Woman does not emerge from man's ribs, not ever, it is he who emerges from her womb. the greatest lie of the patriarchy is framing the father as the giver of life.. 
Tradition is just peer pressure from dead people.. 
What superpowers does the devil have and why? (If god is omnipotent)
When murder and robbery are OK, 1 Nephi 3–4
What about the other books that were left out of the bible?? 
When you realize that the entire plan of salvation is contigent on the devil playing their part. If the devil really wanted to thwart god they would have played golf on venus for the last 6000 years.. Satan must be part of the godhead.. 
Is the devil a subcontractor for god?
The functional role of Satan is to make you afraid so you'll obey.. 
A patriarchal blessing is mormon fortune telling.. 
It's unethical for an organization to teach children that their family connections are dependent upon staying in that organization. 
Living in Utah is like being trapped with Branch Davidians and Jim Jones followers on a cruise ship being helmed by people who flunked out of clown college. 
21st Century Cults: We're not religious so surrender to our non-spiritual ultra-critical group
Why a handshake to get into heaven? Why not RFID, NFC, fingerprint scan etc..
Does the devil know the secret handshake??
Consider that the life coaching / personal development industry is completely unregulated.. 
What credentials does your life coach have? 
There are no ethical guidelines for providers of personal development.. 
Religion's formula: god talked to some guy and you're supposed to believe.. 
