Ask me about my wiener.
You're a fucking lazy learner.
Visions of Glory reads like bad erotica..
Don't forget my 10%, you fucking owe me.. 
Stop being fucking lazy, read your church history.. 
An angel made me murder those people.. don't fucking blame me, I didn't have a choice. 
oh, the promises of the church aren't materializing in your life?? well, you're fucking doing it wrong.. it's not the church's fault!
Catharsis in self improvement seminars is sometimes beneficial.. but then they have to fucking ruin it by manipulating you with hard sell tactics to do the next seminar. 
The thing about scam coaches and gurus is that there is never an end to where you don't fucking need them...
It's never the cult's fault.. you're fucking doing it wrong if it doesn't work.. 
According to the Landmark cult, trauma does not exist.. it's all a made up story.. just fucking let it go.. 
The worst thing you can be within the Landmark cult is a "victim".. if you talk about trauma, you're being a "victim".. just fucking let it go.. 
If Landmark's tech is not working, it's because you are out of integrity.. it's never because they don't have any fucking integrity.. 
The shedding of the skin lie: they tell it's going to be difficult.. if you're not willing to fucking suffer it's evidence that you don't want an amazing life.. 
The underlying factor of MLMs: chase sales, manipulate and get someone to give you their money by deceit. the fucking ultimate scam. 
Cults make promises that are never fulfilled.. and it's always your fucking fault.. 
Commit first and figure the rest out later.. trust us, it will work.. 
Werner Erhard abandoned his family and abused his new family and staff.. yet he is the fucking source of everything?
Cult responses are always "these are just lies"... cults going to cult.. 
The only difference between religion and cults is that religions are old enough to have become socially acceptable.. 
Child abuse is legal within the context of religion. 
How did I fucking get here?? 
Fucking red flags: If the first step to conversion is denying it's a cult regardless of what you've heard.. 
Hubbard was a science fiction who decided "let's try the religion angle". 
Joseph Smith was a treaure digger, folk magician, and known con-man who just happened to make the dig of a lifetime. 
Founders rarely keep their own "commandments"... the church always has an explanation.. 
Both scientology and mormonism contain galactic lore..
Mormonism and Scientology both have detailed origin and destiny of souls. Scientology: the Wall of Fire, Mormonism: the Plan of Salvation. 
After the final "no", there comes a "yes"
We aren't pressuring or manipulating you, we are "standing" for you.. get your fucking facts straight! 
When your transformation is measured by the number of guests and registrations you have, it might be a fucking cult! 
If you leave the conversation, your entire life will fall apart.. -Landmark
Landmark is a for-profit company that has less than 500 staff and over 15,000 volunteers.. wtf?!?
Cults teach you to ignore your intuition and look to them for answers.. 
If your group claims to have all of the answers that's a fucking red flag.. 

Cults never respect boundaries.. their goal is to break you down and ultimately replace your identity with theirs. 

